[{"key_terms": {"noun_phrases": ["one"]}, "extracted": "Hillary Clinton's email use is under the microscope after reports revealed that Clinton exclusively used a personal email account during her time as secretary of state. Clinton not only skipped out on getting a State Department email account, but used a private email server registered to her home address, which gave her and her aides more control over her email records. Republicans didn't skip a beat, spending the week hammering the presumptive frontrunner for the Democratic presidential nomination over her secretive email habits as the news cycle mushroomed. But did Clinton do anything wrong? Or has this become an overblown saga? Lets dive in. Did Clinton break any State Department rules? As of now, there's no evidence that Clinton violated any State Department rules. But there's a chance she did. There's no outright ban at the State Department on using a personal email address to conduct official government business. But a 2005 State Department policy on sensitive but unclassified information explains that employees should conduct normal day-to-day operations through the State Department's official email system to protect the security of the emails' contents. Clinton has now handed over 55,000 emails stemming from her duties as the U.S.'s chief diplomat, but there is no evidence yet that Clinton disclosed that type of sensitive information in those emails. That's because they have yet to be released. Is the State Department looking into whether Clinton violated that policy? Nope. State Department officials will comb through the 55,000 emails Clinton and her aides submitted to the department for review, but only to determine which emails should be publicly released in accordance with federal open records laws. If she did, though, it wasn't just an oversight by Clinton and her aides, but any high-ranking official she exchanged emails with, who would have all seen that they were exchanging emails with Clinton's personal address. Is there a precedent? Did her predecessors use private email? They did. Colin Powell and Condoleezza Rice both had personal email accounts during their time at the helm of the State Department. Powell also used personal email to communicate with ambassadors, foreign ministers and his own State Department staff. He also had and used an official State Department email, though. Rice also had both a State account and personal email address, but one of her aides told CNN that the former secretary of state rarely used email during her tenure at State. And when she did, her State email was the vehicle for official communication. She did not use personal email for official communication as secretary, the aide said. And Rice's rare use of email may reveal why the Clinton email saga is a much bigger deal. Email is much more widely used today, especially by high-ranking officials, than it was when Rice became secretary of state ten years ago. Is there a double standard here? That's definitely the point Democrats are trying to make. But while Powell may have used his personal email address to conduct State Department business, he also used a State Department account, which Clinton did not. ", "class": "Hillary"}, {"key_terms": {"noun_phrases": ["one"]}, "extracted": "The 2016 presidential election is 18 months away, yet the race already has become very intense for both political parties. Republican candidates, of whom there are more than a dozen so far, are busy raising money and vying for attention. On the other hand, former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, the favorite for her party's nomination, is being battered by conservatives on the issue of trust.It is no wonder Clinton is her party's overwhelming choice. A New York Times/CBS News poll released this week shows the magnitude of Clinton's strength. Of the Democrats asked, 84 percent agreed that Clinton shared the values that most Americans try to live by. The poll showed that 91 percent of Democrats surveyed believe that she has strong qualities of leadership. Democrats polled were also asked, Do you think Hillary Clinton is honest and trustworthy? The results showed that 82 percent of the Democrats polled said yes. However, the poll finds that only 48 percent of all Americans say Clinton is honest and trustworthy, while 45 percent say she is not honest and trustworthy. Clinton's trustworthiness is the issue Republicans and conservative media outlets are pounding hardest at. And Clinton has given her opponents some ammunition. She used a personal server for all her emails while serving as Secretary of State, which apparently did not comply with Obama administration policies. Subsequently, she had all her personal emails from that period destroyed, more than 55,000 pages of them. Was there a smoking gun related to Benghazi, or to some scandalous dealings with a foreign country? For sure, Republicans will ask those questions again, again and again. In fact, they will also have yet another chance to question Clinton about Benghazi, as she has agreed to appear before the House Select Committee on Benghazi later this month. She insisted that the meeting be open so that she would not have to deal with selective leaks from Republicans. Nonetheless, the Republicans have kept Benghazi alive even though there have already been more than a dozen hearings and millions of taxpayer dollars spent. Their fruitless efforts to turn a great and painful tragedy into a scandal is most unfortunate for the families of those who heroically lost their lives at the diplomatic compound. But that's politics. Hillary Clinton has long been a polarizing figure on the American political scene….  And more older white women, a demographic that usually is heavily Republican, are supporting her. So it's no wonder Republicans are trying to turn her strengths, her service at State and her leadership into negatives. But can voters trust each of the GOP candidates? After all, they are politicians. For example, Sen. Ted Cruz … led a government shutdown but then denied he was responsible for it. Senator Marco Rubio claims rated 41 percent honest. Rand Paul admits his plagiarism Republicans are out of sync with a majority of Americans on issues … The more each of these flawed Republican candidates goes after Hillary Clinton on the issue of trust, the more their hypocrisy will be exposed Who would you trust? ", "class": "Hillary"}, {"key_terms": {"noun_phrases": ["pending endpoint", "view replica"]}, "extracted": "A day after Hillary Clinton's explanation of her use of a private email account while secretary of state, a State Department watchdog reported that only a fraction of the department's emails have been preserved. The Inspector General's report says that of the 1 billion emails sent by State Department employees in 2011, just over 61,000 were kept. Clinton asserted Monday at her United Nations news conference that one way she ensured her emails would be preserved was by sending them to other State Department officials, thereby saving them on government servers. But according to the IG report, department employees have not received adequate training or guidance in preserving official emails, resulting in just a fraction of them being preserved. Clinton admitted her decision to carry one smartphone device rather than two during her tenure as secretary of state might have been a mistake. Apart from that, though, Clinton maintained her conduct regarding her email was by the book. Others aren't so sure. For instance, Clinton said it was undisputed that the laws and regulations in effect when she was secretary of state allowed her to use her personal email account for work. Tom Blanton, director of the National Security Archive at George Washington University in D.C., disagreed. He said the Federal Records Act of 2009 in effect discouraged the use of personal email for official business. Clinton was confirmed as secretary of state in January 2009. The Records Act did not prohibit use of personal email accounts, but Blanton said the language is clear. It says the head of every federal agency — and that's who she was as secretary of state — is responsible for making sure that records of that agency's business are saved on agency record systems, he said. Blanton said that does not include a server in Clinton's Chappaqua, N.Y., home. Clinton also asserted: For any government employee, it is that government employee's responsibility to determine what's personal and what's work-related. Blanton said Clinton did indeed have the right to separate out her personal emails from official records. But had those emails been on a government server, it would have been a more transparent process, he said. If those emails were in the State Department system, that separation of personal or non-record material from the official stuff would be done by a professional records manager or professional archivist, a civil servant — not an aspiring politician and her lawyers. Republicans in Congress agreed and have called for Clinton to turn over the servers or allow a third party to review their contents. Clinton also said she did facilitate backup of her emails It was my practice to communicate with State Department and other government officials on their .gov accounts, so those emails would be automatically saved in the State Department system to meet record-keeping requirements, and that, indeed, is what happened. But Blanton said that's really not enough to ensure a complete record of Clinton's official government communications. Just because she sent to people at state.gov addresses, it's not at all a guarantee that it's been preserved. What's more, Blanton said, State Department policy does little to preserve emails long-term. When an official leaves office, and most of her direct aides in fact have left the State Department, within 90 days the IT folks at State wipe out their accounts unless there's a special intervention, he said. Blanton said the kerfuffle over Clinton's emails is less a scandal than a wake-up call. Because Clinton and other top government officials have used private email accounts, he said, a whole generation of official records has been lost. That, Blanton said, makes it harder for current and future government officials who might need those records, harder for government watchdog groups and even prosecutors who might need them, and harder for the public, which has a right to know and a right to hold government officials accountable. ", "class": "Hillary"}, {"key_terms": {"noun_phrases": ["pending endpoint", "view replica"]}, "extracted": "First, she was called the bra-burning feminist with a degree from Wellesley. Then, she was the aggressively political spouse from Arkansas who plotted behind closed doors. Today, she is the millionaire elitist who socializes in New York City and the Hamptons. There are “super PACs” with names like Women Against Hillary, Just Say No to Hillary, Stop Hillary and Defeat Hillary. The Republican National Committee recently introduced a website PoorHillaryClinton.com, which mocks Mrs. Clinton’s wealth. While all politicians endure scrutiny and efforts by the other side to define them, the attacks on Mrs. Clinton often take on a personal tone, which her defenders say is driven by an electorate still coming to terms with the possibility of a female president. Sexist attacks were a dumb thing to do in 2008, and will be a dumb thing to do in 2016, said Tim Miller, executive director of America Rising, an anti-Democrat super PAC. The most effective arguments against Secretary Clinton have absolutely nothing to do with her gender, he added. A spokeswoman for the Republican National Committee, Kirsten Kukowski, said it is not an either/or question of whether to point out scandals from Mrs. Clinton’s early years or her current record and finances. Internal polling has shown, she said, that attacks on Mrs. Clinton’s more recent years resonate more effectively with voters. (The R.N.C. is also assembling a book on Mrs. Clinton and has dispatched opposition researchers to Little Rock, Ark.) There is no question that Mrs. Clinton, after two decades in public life, remains divisive: 50 percent of voters have a favorable opinion of her, and 45 percent have an unfavorable opinion, according to a Quinnipiac University poll conducted in November. They say they are keenly aware of what happened to Senator John Kerry during the 2004 election, when an independent conservative group, the Swift Boat Veterans for Truth, attacked his military record in the Vietnam War. The attacks stuck and contributed to Mr. Kerry’s loss to President George W. Bush. David Brock, founder of Correct the Record, a project that defends Mrs. Clinton in the news media, and a onetime conservative critic of the Clintons, published the e-book The Benghazi Hoax in 2013 that defends Mrs. Clinton’s handling of the attack on the United States Mission in Benghazi, Libya. He said criticism that she is wealthy and out of touch would be an easy one to combat, particularly if the Republican nominee is Jeb Bush, the son and brother of former presidents, or Mitt Romney, whose personal wealth became a point of contention in his 2012 campaign and who recently told donors that he was considering running again in 2016. If you see a bossy, polarizing broad with ideas you don’t like, then that’s what you get said Gibson Carothers, one of the creators. He added,If you see a tough, strong leader with ideas you do like, then that’s what you get.", "class": "Hillary"} , {"key_terms": {"noun_phrases": ["pending endpoint"]}, "extracted": "just testing with simple text", "class": "NotHillary"} , {"key_terms": {"noun_phrases": ["pending endpoint"]}, "extracted": "sitting in my chair doing another bit of homework on a Sunday night", "class": "NotHillary"} , {"key_terms": {"noun_phrases": ["pending endpoint"]}, "extracted": "more input for the algorithms including Bengazi talk along with security", "class": "NotHillary"} , {"key_terms": {"noun_phrases": ["pending endpoint"]}, "extracted": "the white house was pink but home depot had a sale and they went crazy", "class": "NotHillary"} , {"key_terms": {"noun_phrases": ["pending endpoint"]}, "extracted": "oh don't tell me clinton back again", "class": "NotHillary"} , {"key_terms": {"noun_phrases": ["pending endpoint"]}, "extracted": "DES MOINES, Iowa  With Iowa Democrat Tom Harkin at her side as a validator, Hillary Clinton said Saturday that the email controversy surrounding her is all political, it's not a matter that interests voters, and it won't be a shadow that hurts her in the general election. We'll see how this all plays out, but it's not anything that people talk to me about as I travel around the country, the Democratic presidential candidate told reporters at the Iowa State Fair on Saturday. It is never raised in my town halls. It is never raised in my other meetings with people, she said. Clinton repeatedly stressed that none of the emails that passed through her private server were classified  or at least, none was marked classified, she said. This is not about me, she said. I never sent classified material on my email, and I never received any that was marked classified. I'm going to let whatever this inquiry is go forward and we'll await the outcome of it. For months, Clinton has been defending her decision to use a private email server to conduct public business when she was secretary of state. The FBI has taken possession of the server as part of the Department of Justice's probe into the handling of classified information. The inspector general recently sifted through 40 random emails and discovered four contained classified information and two were top secret and should have been marked classified.", "class": "Hillary"} ,{"key_terms": {"noun_phrases": ["pending endpoint", "view replica"]}, "extracted": "Search and rescue teams resumed their efforts Monday after an Indonesian airliner crashed with 54 people on board. Indonesia's director general of air transportation, Suprasetyo, said the Trigana Air Service plane that went missing Sunday has been found in the Oktabe district of Papua province. Details are still being verified, Suprasetyo said, but villagers reported seeing the plane crash into a mountain. Search and rescue teams that suspended their efforts will conduct aerial and ground searches to confirm the villagers' reports, he said. The plane was carrying 44 adult passengers, five children and five crew members. The search, which involved forested and mountainous terrain, was called off Sunday because weather and lack of light made an already dangerous landscape more problematic. Six aircraft are being sent to help with the search, according to Raymond Konstantin, a local officer with the nation's search and rescue agency, who confirmed that the search resumed Monday. The domestic flight lost contact with air traffic control in Papua province Sunday afternoon, the agency said on Twitter. The flight left Sentani Airport in Jayapura at 2:22 p.m. and was scheduled to land in Oksibil at about 3:16 p.m., officials said. The plane lost contact at about 2:55 p.m., Transportation Ministry spokesman J.A. Barata told CNN Indonesia. Barata said there was no indication that a distress call was made from the plane. Officials received reports Sunday afternoon that villagers had seen the plane go down, he said. Barata said he would be flying from Jakarta to Papua along with investigators and search and rescue officials.", "class": "NotHillary"}, {"key_terms": {"noun_phrases": ["pending endpoint", "view replica"]}, "extracted": "A state television report repeated the claim that this isn't the same old, ill-equipped North Korea that never could stand up to the United States in the past. In fact, this year, they are threatening to attack the U.S. on its own soil.If [the] United States wants their mainland to be safe, said a newswoman for the state TV station, KCNA, then the Ulchi Freedom Guardian should stop immediately. North Korea not interested in Iran-style nuclear talks A former Army general who participated in previous Ulchi exercises said it's nothing more than the bluster of young tyrant who perhaps feels marginalized by more serious foes. One of the key propaganda goals of the young leader is to just get on the radar of the U.S., said retired Lt. Gen. Mark Hertling, now a national security analyst for CNN. With all the other things we're focused on -- ISIS, al Qaida in the Arabian Peninsula, Russia and Ukraine, etc., Kim Jong Un wants to ensure he grabs attention.", "class": "NotHillary"}, {"key_terms": {"noun_phrases": ["pending endpoint", "view replica"]}, "extracted": "If you paid an extra $100 or even $200 for a smartphone with more storage, you got ripped off. We quickly fill up those gigabytes on our smartphones with photos, videos, apps, music and all sorts of other cherished personal files and mementos. Constantly deleting those files is a pain, so splurging on extra storage is a bullet many of us have chosen to bite.  But smartphone makers pay as little as a sixth of what they charge you for those extra gigabytes of storage. And that applies to all of the four largest U.S. smartphone makers -- Apple (AAPL, Tech30), Samsung, LG or Motorola. The flash storage drives installed in the iPhone 6 cost Apple just $7.55 per 16 GB, according to TechInsights, a patent consultant that performs gadget tear-downs. The 32 GB of storage included the Galaxy S6 costs Samsung $14.50. That means the difference between a base model 16 GB iPhone 6 and a top-of-the-line 128 GB iPhone 6 costs Apple about $53. It costs you $200. cell phone storage ripoff Apple charges you as much as $100 for just 48 extra GB of storage. It's even worse for a Galaxy S6. The difference between the base 32 GB model and the best 128 GB model costs Samsung $44. But Samsung charges you $200 more. None of the four smartphone makers commented for this article. How to beat the storage cheats Luckily, there are ways to avoid overpaying for storage. 1) Back up your photos. You can use Google's wonderful new Photos app to store all of your photos and videos. Google (GOOGL, Tech30)will give you free, unlimited storage, albeit in a somewhat smaller file size. If you're not planning on blowing up your photos, you'll be fine. 2) Stream your music. Instead of storing your personal music library on your phone, you can stream it. Google Play Music Manager and Amazon (AMZN, Tech30)Cloud Drive allow you to upload your entire music library to the cloud, and stream it to your phone using the Google Play Music and Amazon Music apps. You can also stream music you don't own with free services, such as Spotify or Pandora. (P) 3) Use cloud drives. You can use DropBox, Google Drive, Microsoft (MSFT, Tech30)OneDrive or Apple iCloud to manage your files in the cloud. 4) Clean your phone. And if you use apps such as DU Speedbooster for Android or PhoneClean for iPhones, you can clear out unnecessary files that accumulate on your phone. 5) Buy a phone with a micro SD slot. Along with removable batteries, micro SD expandable storage slots in phones have largely gone the way of the dinosaur. But there are a few remaining holdouts, including the excellent LG G4. You can buy a 128 GB micro SD card on Amazon for about $60. It's not as fast or robust as your phone's internal storage, but it'll do the trick nicely for photos and videos. So if overpaying for storage  isn't your thing, you've got a way to fight back", "class": "NotHillary"}, {"key_terms": {"noun_phrases": ["pending endpoint"]}, "extracted": "just testing with simple text", "class": "NotHillary"}, {"key_terms": {"noun_phrases": ["pending endpoint"]}, "extracted": "Julian Bond, the civil rights icon and former NAACP chairman who died after a brief illness, was remembered Sunday as a hero who helped lead a generation against racism. He was 75. Bond, who brought the NAACP back to credibility during his longtime chairmanship and who was the first black American nominated as vice president, died Saturday night in Fort Walton Beach, Fla., the Southern Poverty Law Center said Sunday. He first came on the national scene in the 1960s as a student activist. Julian helped inspire an entire generation of young people, students, black and white, Rep. John Lewis, D-Ga., said Sunday. He spent so much time speaking on college campuses, telling the story of the movement. He was so smart, so gifted, so articulate and he had a way of getting to people, to students, to young people and he succeeded.", "class": "NotHillary"}, {"key_terms": {"noun_phrases": ["pending endpoint"]}, "extracted": "Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker is set to outline his plan to repeal Obamacare and replace it with a series of conservative changes  including new caps on Medicaid payments to states and individual tax credits  in a speech in Minnesota on Tuesday. Walker is expected to say that, if elected, he would submit legislation to Congress seeking to repeal the federal Affordable Care Act and replace it with his sweeping package of conservative priorities. On my first day as President, I will send legislation to the Congress that will repeal Obamacare entirely and replace it in a way that puts patients and their families back in charge of their health care  not the federal government. I call it the Day One Patient Freedom Plan, Walker will say, according to an excerpt from his speech provided by the campaign. The Walker proposal, the first major policy rollout from his campaign, calls for capped allotments to states for some parts of Medicaid while allowing acute care payments to continue uncapped. Health care subsidies  one of the key pieces for helping low- and middle-income residents sign up for health plans through the Obama law  would be replaced instead with individual tax credits to help people purchase health care. The credits would be available to anyone not covered by their employers and vary only based on age  not income  and range between $900 and $3,000. He also calls for increasing how much can be placed in a health savings account tax-free and eliminating the health plan requirements set in law, returning to the old system of letting state regulators set the guidelines for health plans. Walker also writes, in his 13-page policy outline, that he would eliminate all taxes associated with the federal Affordable Care Act and pay for his plans costs through savings made from reforming and ", "class": "NotHillary"}, {"key_terms": {"noun_phrases": ["pending endpoint"]}, "extracted": "A report approved Monday by the Iraqi parliament blames the country's former prime minister, Nuri al-Maliki, and other senior officials for the fall of the northern city of Mosul in 2014. The report will be submitted to the judicial branch of government for possible legal action. But in a Facebook post, al-Maliki said the report had no value. Mosul, a city of more than 1 million people about 400 kilometers (250 miles) north of Baghdad, is one of the most important cities in northern Iraq. Its fall to the terrorist group ISIS was followed by disastrous consequences for residents in the area. ISIS raided the Turkish Consulate in the city, capturing 49 employees, including the consul general. Turkish officials negotiated their release in September. The trade-off for their release remains unknown, but until recently, Turkey declined to participate in the international fight against ISIS. Women and members of minority religious groups in Mosul have reportedly been persecuted since the city fell.", "class": "NotHillary"}, {"key_terms": {"noun_phrases": ["pending endpoint"]}, "extracted": "Hillary Clinton and Black Lives Matter activists had a frank and at times tense discussion last week behind closed doors, and thanks to video released Monday, the American public is now hearing exactly what the two sides said to each other. Throughout the 15-minute conversation, Clinton disagreed with the three activists from Black Lives Matter who had planned to publicly press the 2016 candidate on issues on mass incarceration at an event earlier this month in Keene, New Hampshire. The 2016 candidate even gave suggestions to the activists, telling them that without a concrete plan their movement will get nothing but lip service from as many white people as you can pack into Yankee Stadium and a million more like it. Look, I dont believe you change hearts, Clinton said, arguing that the movement cant change deep seated racism. I believe you change laws, you change allocation of resources, you change the way systems operate. Youre not going to change every heart. Youre not. But at the end of the day, we could do a whole lot to change some hearts and change some systems and create more opportunities for people who deserve to have them, to live up to their own God-given potential. Clinton met with the Black Lives Matter members on Aug. 11 after the group of activists were not allowed into the presidential candidates forum on substance abuse. The protesters showed up shortly before the event started and, according to the Clinton campaign, were not allowed into the main event because the room has been shut down because of capacity requirements set by the Secret Service. A Secret Service agent at the event confirmed this to CNN.", "class": "Hillary"}, {"key_terms": {"noun_phrases": ["pending endpoint"]}, "extracted": "A clearly agitated Hillary Clinton answered another round of questions regarding her email use Tuesday in Nevada, telling reporters the story that has followed her campaign for months has nothing to do with me Clinton reiterated that she took responsibility for the controversy but also declined to comment directly on a report that she wiped her server before turning it over and made light of the question Did you wipe the server? asked a reporter asked after a town hall in Nevada What, like with a cloth or something? Clinton joked, making a wiping gesture She added later that she didnt know how it works digitally at all Clinton argued, as she has before, that she went above and beyond in handing over her email 55,000 pages of anything we thought could be work related, Clinton said of what she offered up She also said it was her decision what to turn over and what personal emails to withhold Under the law, that decision is made by the official  I was the official  I made those decisions, Clinton said  And as I just said, over 1,200 of those emails have been deemed not work related Questions about Hillary Clintons exclusive use of a personal email during her time as secretary of state have followed her ever since she announced her presidential bid earlier this year  There have been a constant stream of stories about Clintons emails for the better part of five months and Clinton is usually asked questions about them when she speaks with reporters Clinton agreed last week to turn over her private email server to authorities after an intelligence community inspector general told congressional committees that at least five emails from the server contained classified information  Intelligence officials reviewing Clintons emails said this week that after reviewing 20% of the emails, 5 1% were referred to agencies for consultation about possibly containing classified information That is a part of the ordinary process, Clinton said, arguing that whether she had a personal server or not, there would be a process in releasing her emails to the public  Everybody is acting like this first time this has ever happened, it happens all the time As she walked away from reporters, one shouted a question about whether this story will hang with her campaign until Election Day Nobody talks to me about it, Clinton said, other than you guys While in Nevada, Clinton will also tour the Carpenters International Training Center in Las Vegas and speak to the annual Nevada State AFL-CIO Constitutional Convention ", "class": "Hillary"}
]
